docs(oidc): add docs for Budibase integration (#6265)
authelia/authelia: docs/content/en/integration/openid-connect/budibase/index.md

---
title: "Budibase"
description: "Integrating Budibase with the Authelia OpenID Connect 1.0 Provider."
lead: ""
date: 2023-11-12T15:50:35+00:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  integration:
    parent: "openid-connect"
weight: 620
toc: true
community: true
---

## Tested Versions

- [Authelia]

>   - [v4.37.5](https://github.com/authelia/authelia/releases/tag/v4.37.5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [v4.38.0](https://github.com/authelia/authelia/releases/tag/v4.38.0)
```

We're only accepting contributed docs for the upcoming 4.38.0 which will be the basis for this change and some changes to the config example.

- [Budibase]
  - 2.13.9

## Before You Begin

{{% oidc-common %}}

### Authelia

Authelia configuration.yml

```yaml
identity_providers:
  oidc:
    clients:

>       - id: budibase
>         secret: mysecret
>         authorization_policy: two_factor
>         redirect_uris:
>           - https://budibase.example.com/api/global/auth/oidc/callback
>         scopes:
>           - openid
>           - profile
>           - email
>           - offline_access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - id: 'budibase'
        description: 'Budibase'
        secret: '$pbkdf2-sha512$310000$c8p78n7pUMln0jzvd4aK4Q$JNRBzwAo0ek5qKn50cFzzvE9RXV88h1wJn5KGiHrD0YKtZaR/nCb2CJPOsKaPK0hjf.9yHxzQGZziziccp6Yng'  # The digest of 'insecure_secret'.
        authorization_policy: 'two_factor'
        redirect_uris:
          - 'https://budibase.example.com/api/global/auth/oidc/callback'
        scopes:
          - 'openid'
          - 'profile'
          - 'email'
          - 'offline_access'
        token_endpoint_auth_method: 'client_secret_basic'
```

The token_endpoint_auth_method will need to be changed to `client_secret_post` if that's the method they use for client auth.

```

## Budibase

### Organization configuration

> Go on the builder main page: **Settings > Organization** or url : https://budibase.justmammoth.us/builder/portal/settings/organisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go on the builder main page: **Settings > Organization** or url : https://budibase.example.com/builder/portal/settings/organisation
```

> {{< figure src="budibase_org.png" alt="Budibase" width="300" >}}

Reviewer: Instead of masking the images change the values in the UI to the values in the example and take them again. This will help avoid user confusion in this area.

- Org. name: example.com
- Platform URL: https://budibase.example.com

### Auth configuration

Go the builder main page: **Settings > Auth > OpenID Connect** or url : https://budibase.example.com/builder/portal/settings/auth

> {{< figure src="budibase_auth.png" alt="Budibase" width="300" >}}

Reviewer: Same as above.
